>> Brian Holt: Let's go do error boundary.
So rename ErrorBoundary.tsx.
>> Brian Holt: And hopefully you're
sensing a pattern here that I just renamed
the file, and I just fixed the problems.
And that's just kind of the process here.
I helped to migrate one a the code bases
at LinkedIn to be in typescript, and
that's literally what I did for a month.
That's just rename files and fix it.
And ask people,
what the hell were you doing?
Or thinking?
That's kind of my job in general.
So, I'm gonna move this from
being on a constructor to being
a public class property.
Again you totally could just do it like
this, and you could pass in what the state
is, but I like doing it as
public class properties better.
So I'm just going to delete that, and
move that outside of the constructor, and
delete the constructor.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're
gonna say this is a public state.
We're gonna say this is a public static,
public, public and public.
>> Brian Holt: We have to tell it
that errors are indeed errors,
and the info is ErrorInfo.
>> Brian Holt: And that's it.
Everything else it can
figure out what it is.
>> Brian Holt: Great, any questions?
That was pretty easy.
>> Brian Holt: I think that's
what you'll find as well.
So, this is what I tell people
that wanna move to typescript.
I actually have a really great
tweet that I'll show you later,
that migrating the typescript is so
painful, and you're just questioning,
why did I subject myself to this torture?
Until you get to about 60% of your
code's base being in typescript,
and then all of a sudden,
everything is magical.
All of a sudden, this was a fantastic
idea and you're a genius.
[LAUGH] That's kind of
the story of my life.
I just kinda go up and
down like I'm an idiot.
And then I'm a genius,
but mostly the idiot park.
Anyway, this is not therapy with Brian.
What I wanna say though, is there's gonna
be parts of this where you're gonna wonder
why did I choose to do this to myself?
And the payoff really comes once, most of
your code bases in typescript because then
your code base will start kind of
coalescing into like coherence, I suppose.
And, it'll be nice like you can just
import a file from another team, and
you can see all the types in it,
and old type check all that stuff.
It all makes sense.
So, yeah.
That's what I would say,
just be patient a little bit.
Cuz you have to get through a lot of
it before it starts making any sense.